Improved intro about software testing, providing more context. (#4261)
Codecademy/docs: content/general/concepts/software-testing/software-testing.md

> **Software testing** is the process of verifying and evaluating the functionality of a software application or product. It reduces and eliminates bugs, and mitigates the long-term costs for a company in terms of any fixes and updates that would be needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Software testing** is the process of verifying and evaluating the functionality of a software application or product. It checks if the product meets requirements, reduces and eliminates bugs, and mitigates the long-term costs for a company in terms of any fixes and updates that would be needed.
```

> It is most common to initiate during the [design phase](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/software-development-life-cyclee) and can even occur after the product is deployed into production. Different [testing methodologies](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/software-development-life-cycle) are available to suit different project objectives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is most common to initiate software testing during the design phase but it can even take place after the deployment phase of the [software development life cycle](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/software-development-life-cycle).
```

The most popular objectives of software testing are:
- Checking whether the actual software matches the expected requirements and ensuring the software is bug-free.

> - Identify errors, faults, or missing requirements in contrast to actual requirements.

Reviewer: Please remove this section. In my opinion, these points are redundant. Instead, add the "to match requirement" to the first paragraph of the description.
